Can't you tell who the scourge is?
If he is really capable
Why is there such a big deal?
Who said he was impersonating?
You are stupid and have never seen the world
I'll open your eyes
Look how outstanding my senior is
White Wind and Rain
It is the world's top cosmeceutical formulator
So master
Mrs. Zhou Mrs. Li
It smells so good, I want to try it first
I want to try too
My nasolabial folds are broken
Did you see it?
Yes, yes, oh my god, I should also do the opposite, dilute fine lines
Whitening the skin is its two effects
And it will never tan after use.
It's amazing.
But in your style it should be popular
It was still Zhou Tailiang who did it right.
His third thing
It's the heavy stuff today
Miss Tea, reach out
This is my wedding ceremony for you
You want to give him to me?
Ah, what do you drink?
I'm allergic.
You have a problem with medicine
You are indeed impersonating
Oh, I forgot.
My cosmeceutical ingredients are very special
Only people who are sick get sick.
It seems that Miss Tea, your good brother is not just you.